In this section we're going to go through the installation of E-wrestling lint on top of vs code.
So if you're using Visual Studio code you're in the right place.
Let's go through the installation I'm inside of my project directory and I've currently got to open
the index dot Iowa dot J.S. file.
Now we've only got this file open just to verify that.
Yes that works.
After we actually install it.
So let's go through the installation.
The first thing we're going to do is flip over to our terminal and I'm inside the project directory
right now.
And I'm going to install Yes lint globally.
So I'll run NPM install d'Asti Yes lint.
This is going to take a minute to install.
So while this is going to flip back over to Visual Studio code and do a little bit more setup over here
on the left hand side I'm going to find my packages button and I'm going to install an extension called
Yes lint.
So do a search for E.S. lint.
I see it as the first and only results in here.
And we can just click install after I install it I will enable the extension.
I'm going to be prompted to restart my editor.
No problem let's do it.
And we're back.
So here we go.
I'm going to flip back over really quick to my terminal.
It looks like that global installation of yes land is complete.
This global installation of Ascelin is used to do the actual parsing of the code that we write.
So that is why we installed that.
The second package that we needed to install really quickly is the actual ruleset that we're going to
use to validate the javascript that we actually write.
So remember by default.
Yes lint does nothing for us.
We have to give it a default rule set.
So I'm going to install a bundle of rules that's already been written for us using NPM all execute NPM
install dash dash save Dev Yes limt config Rallye coding.
So I've got.
Yes Slint dash config dash rally coding and we'll let the install itself.
This is also going to take a moment to install.
So while it's doing that we'll do one last piece of startup.
I'm going to flip back over to Visual Studio code really quick.
Am going to make a new file inside of my project directory so I'm going to make a new file called Dot
Slint RC.
So Dot.
Yes r RC and inside of your we are going to tell us land that we want to use that rule set that we just
installed with NPM.
So I will add in a new object.
Oh boy.
Well that's legible.
There you go.
And then inside this object and put a set of double quotes make sure you're using double quotes you
can not use single quotes to use double extends Rallye coding.
So both extends and key and rarely coding are wrapped with double quotes like so now I'll just save
this.
Let's see how our installation is going up.
Looks like the installation is all done.
So the last thing I'm going to do is test this out inside of that index.
SJS file.
Let's try by just taking on a semi-colon or two.
Andy me I get an error message popping up and I can put the semi-colon back on and we're back in business.
Or I can delete the entire first line and now I get a whole bunch of big errors popping up on the screen
so it definitely looks like we've successfully got Yeslam working inside of the code.
Let's continue in the next section.